Mother and mother killed
Let him go too far
How about bullying you?
We've checked it out
Great Xia female handsome is dead
Except for this, King Daxia of the South can no longer bear it
both
Why don't we let our three countries distribute it?
That's right, you Daxia royal family better be obedient and knowledgeable
Get caught
Let us give you a treat
You are so loud
How do you know that my Daxia female commander is dead?
How do you know that I can't bear the big summer
White Allen, what do you have to do?
How dare you throw yourself into the wilderness in front of me?
Your Highness Shizi
He is Mu Guiying
Just an unscrupulous woman
The lowly woman whose heart goes out of the wall
What noble status do you have?
You have to recognize his work.
child
He's the bitch who was shamed for it
It is because he is a big loser
That's why what you did didn't become the generals
He is Chen Shimei who bullied Baoer
So
You have no right to speak wildly in front of me
Get out of here
Presumptuous, he is my royal sister
The First Princess of Great Xia
Dare to be rude
You're welcome.
What? My best friend turned out to be the eldest princess
How is this possible?
He is obviously a country man
How could it be the eldest princess?
You must have the wrong person
She is the biological daughter of the palace for twenty years
She is also the supreme eldest princess of Great Xia
This palace wants to take this feast to panic to the world
Reveal his identity
If anyone on the scene dares to question his qualifications
Then this palace asserted that he was qualified